well how do you live internet people
that's vogue ad y'all made a mess so if
you don't know we did a live stream on
YouTube and all the money that was
donated sent an was earmarked for a
specific purpose that specific purpose
these five bags back here we wanted to
get Christmas presents or some teens
that are in a bad way they're in a
shelter so each one of these bags has a
tablet a netflix card a case for the
tablet earbuds and a board game of some
kind
we got the tablets in the Netflix card
because a lot of them are going to have
younger siblings who will probably be
monopolizing the TV this gives them a
space of their own a place that they can
kind of retreat to to process what's
going on I would imagine this probably
pretty difficult form so this gives them
their own area even if it's only a small
screen in front of them this is what we
set out to do we accomplish that goal
pretty quickly because a whole bunch of
people came together people got into
comments in the chat commenting
increased interaction brought more
people in people donated everybody
whether you sent money or not donated
your time and it made this happen
so once we got this we took care of some
other items that the the shelter needed
which cleaning supplies they get food
all the time via food drives but a lot
of times people don't bring cleaning
supplies while I was buying this stuff I
started wondering why I had to one of
the things you learn about PTSD is that
scent is a very very strong trigger of
memory I got a bunch of kids every time
we have a kid
Huggies Enfamil Similac loves pampers
they shower us with products in hopes of
building that brand loyalty I don't know
why anybody has to donate these to
domestic violence shelter seems like
these companies are missing out and I'm
not just saying the multi-billion dollar
cup corporations should be out there
solving the problems of the world they
should but in this instance it can be
self-serving because do you really think
somebody's gonna want their clothes to
smell like their abuser do you really
think they're gonna want to use the same
soap probably not those scents are going
to carry bad memories if a company has a
new scent it seems like the ideal place
to send it to get it out on the market
not just for most these places a
charitable institution so it would be
tax-deductible it's advertising you're
doing something good and you're building
brand loyalty seems like a win-win when
when
no domestic violence shelters should
ever need any of this these companies
should be providing it but they're not
because that's the world we live in at
the same time we also live in a world
with the Internet people
y'all did this in about an hour set out
to solve one problem solve two and that
it pretty quickly it shows the value of
individual action in pursuit of a
collective goal and can't thank you
enough anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night